3.0 plugin testing (#5897)
cakephp/docs: en/plugins.rst

    }

Testing your Plugin
===================

> ...

Author: Placeholder to add more useul infos here.
Anyone ideas?

> ...

Reviewer: The empty placeholder text isn't going to be helpful to the reader. We could remove it for now.

If you have to test controllers or URL generation in general, make sure you

> wire up some routing in your `tests/bootstrap.php`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connect some routes in your ``tests/bootstrap.php``.
```

> For more information see :ref:`testing plugins <testing.rst> page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information see :ref:`testing plugins </development/testing.rst> page.
```
